readme.md, before:

Stash Build Notifier Plugin for Jenkins
=======================================

This Jenkins plugin notifies Stash of build results. Failed or
successful builds will show up as little icons in the Stash web 
interface in commit logs. Clicking on such an icon will take the 
user to the specific build.

Requirements
============

* **[Stash][] 2.1** or newer. This plugin uses the Atlassian 
[Stash Build REST API][] which was introduced with Stash 2.1. 
* **Jenkins 1.498** or newer

Usage
=====

Use the Stash Notifier by adding it as a _Post Step_ in your Jenkins build job 
configuration. 

1. In your Jenkins job configuration go to the *Post-build Actions* section, 
click on *Add post-build action* and select *Notify Stash Instance*
2. Enter the Stash base URL, e. g. <tt>http://localhost:7990</tt> or 
<tt>http://my.company/stash</tt>. If in doubt, go to your local Stash 
server and check the URL in the browser. The URL 
<tt>http://georg@localhost:7991/projects</tt> e. g. reveals the
server base URL, which is <tt>http://localhost:7991</tt> in this case. 
2. Use the [Credentials Plugin](https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Credentials+Plugin) to select credentials for stash

That's it. If you have configured everything correctly, Jenkins will notify
your Stash instance of subsequent builds. The result is illustrated on
Atlassians [Stash Build Integration][] wiki page.

### Note on Pipeline Plugin usage

See the following code for an example of how to use this plugin inside of a [Pipeline Plugin]
(https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Pipeline+Plugin). You must set the result of the 
current build manually in the Pipeline script.

```groovy
node {
    step([$class: 'StashNotifier'])         // Notifies the Stash Instance of an INPROGRESS build

    try {
        // Do stuff

        currentBuild.result = 'SUCCESS'     // Set result of currentBuild !Important!
    } catch(err) {
        currentBuild.result = 'FAILED'      // Set result of currentBuild !Important!
    }

    step([$class: 'StashNotifier'])         // Notifies the Stash Instance of the build result
}
```

In situations where an advanced setup is required the following can be used:
```groovy
node {
    this.notifyStash('INPROGRESS')         // Notifies the Stash Instance of an INPROGRESS build
    
    try {
        // Do stuff
    
        this.notifyStash('SUCCESS')
    } catch(err) {
        this.notifyStash('FAILED')
    }
}

def notifyStash(String state) {

    if('SUCCESS' == state || 'FAILED' == state) {
        currentBuild.result = state         // Set result of currentBuild !Important!
    }

    step([$class: 'StashNotifier',
          commitSha1: "$commit",            // jenkins parameter that resolves to commit's hash
          credentialsId: '00000000-1111-2222-3333-123456789abc',
          disableInprogressNotification: false,
          ignoreUnverifiedSSLPeer: true,
          includeBuildNumberInKey: false,
          prependParentProjectKey: false,
          projectKey: '',
          stashServerBaseUrl: 'https://stash.company.com'])

}
```

### Note on credentials

Currently Stash Build Notifier Plugin accepts only raw plaintext credentials as it work over HTTP REST API of stash


Maintainers
===========

* Georg Gruetter ([Twitter](https://twitter.com/bumbleGee), [GitHub](https://github.com/gruetter))
* Pavel Batanov ([GitHub](https://github.com/scaytrase))

License
=======

[Apache 2.0 License](http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.html)

[Stash]: www.atlassian.com/software/stash
[Stash Build Integration]: https://developer.atlassian.com/stash/docs/latest/how-tos/updating-build-status-for-commits.html
[Stash Build REST API]: https://developer.atlassian.com/static/rest/stash/latest/stash-build-integration-rest.html

Commit message:

ReadMe: Add setup instructions
Added additional setup instructions for users new to Jenkins who may not know where to set the Stash Root Url and Credentials, both of which are necessary for this plugin to work. This is particularly relevent for pipeline users, who do not have access to pre- and post-build steps in the Jenkins GUI. Included a Jenkins config GUI screenshot.

readme.md, after:

Stash Build Notifier Plugin for Jenkins
=======================================

This Jenkins plugin notifies Stash of build results. Failed or
successful builds will show up as little icons in the Stash web 
interface in commit logs. Clicking on such an icon will take the 
user to the specific build.

Requirements
============

* **[Stash][] 2.1** or newer. This plugin uses the Atlassian 
[Stash Build REST API][] which was introduced with Stash 2.1. 
* **Jenkins 1.498** or newer

Setup
=====

Set up Stash Notifier by navigating to `Manage Jenkins --> Configure System` and scrolling down to the **Stash Notifier** section. Enter _at least_ your `Stash Root Url` and `Credentials`. Additional options are available as required. (Screenshot below is from Jenkins v2.44)

![Stash Notifier Settings](images/StashNotifierSettings.png)

Usage
=====

Use the Stash Notifier by adding it as a _Post Step_ in your Jenkins build job 
configuration. 

1. In your Jenkins job configuration go to the *Post-build Actions* section, 
click on *Add post-build action* and select *Notify Stash Instance*
2. Enter the Stash base URL, e. g. <tt>http://localhost:7990</tt> or 
<tt>http://my.company/stash</tt>. If in doubt, go to your local Stash 
server and check the URL in the browser. The URL 
<tt>http://georg@localhost:7991/projects</tt> e. g. reveals the
server base URL, which is <tt>http://localhost:7991</tt> in this case. 
2. Use the [Credentials Plugin](https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Credentials+Plugin) to select credentials for stash

That's it. If you have configured everything correctly, Jenkins will notify
your Stash instance of subsequent builds. The result is illustrated on
Atlassians [Stash Build Integration][] wiki page.

### Note on Pipeline Plugin usage

See the following code for an example of how to use this plugin inside of a [Pipeline Plugin]
(https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Pipeline+Plugin). You must set the result of the 
current build manually in the Pipeline script.

```groovy
node {
    step([$class: 'StashNotifier'])         // Notifies the Stash Instance of an INPROGRESS build

    try {
        // Do stuff

        currentBuild.result = 'SUCCESS'     // Set result of currentBuild !Important!
    } catch(err) {
        currentBuild.result = 'FAILED'      // Set result of currentBuild !Important!
    }

    step([$class: 'StashNotifier'])         // Notifies the Stash Instance of the build result
}
```

In situations where an advanced setup is required the following can be used:
```groovy
node {
    this.notifyStash('INPROGRESS')         // Notifies the Stash Instance of an INPROGRESS build
    
    try {
        // Do stuff
    
        this.notifyStash('SUCCESS')
    } catch(err) {
        this.notifyStash('FAILED')
    }
}

def notifyStash(String state) {

    if('SUCCESS' == state || 'FAILED' == state) {
        currentBuild.result = state         // Set result of currentBuild !Important!
    }

    step([$class: 'StashNotifier',
          commitSha1: "$commit",            // jenkins parameter that resolves to commit's hash
          credentialsId: '00000000-1111-2222-3333-123456789abc',
          disableInprogressNotification: false,
          ignoreUnverifiedSSLPeer: true,
          includeBuildNumberInKey: false,
          prependParentProjectKey: false,
          projectKey: '',
          stashServerBaseUrl: 'https://stash.company.com'])

}
```

### Note on credentials

Currently Stash Build Notifier Plugin accepts only raw plaintext credentials as it work over HTTP REST API of stash


Maintainers
===========

* Georg Gruetter ([Twitter](https://twitter.com/bumbleGee), [GitHub](https://github.com/gruetter))
* Pavel Batanov ([GitHub](https://github.com/scaytrase))

License
=======

[Apache 2.0 License](http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.html)

[Stash]: www.atlassian.com/software/stash
[Stash Build Integration]: https://developer.atlassian.com/stash/docs/latest/how-tos/updating-build-status-for-commits.html
[Stash Build REST API]: https://developer.atlassian.com/static/rest/stash/latest/stash-build-integration-rest.html
